# Day 4: Dynamic Method Dispatch, Abstract Classes, and Object Equality

## [Question 1](./BankDemo.java)

Assume that a bank offers two types of accounts: standard and premium, from which a customer can select one while opening a bank account. An account holder can deposit any amount of money into his or her account, but when withdrawing, a premium account holder can withdraw up to Rs 10 lakh in a day, whilst a regular account holder can withdraw up to Rs 5 lakh with a .05% penalty for withdrawals above Rs 1 lakh. Write a Java program with the following specifications:

i. Create a super class Account that contains various information of an account holder like account number, account type, name, current balance etc. along with day, month and year of last deposit. Account class also contains three methods: one for checking current balance, one for depositing money and the third for withdrawing money. New account is created with the personal information in the constructor of the class and the account number is generated by auto-increment.

ii. Create two subclasses: StandardAccount and PremiumAccount both inherit the members of the Account class and override the withdraw() method as per above mentioned specifications.

iii. In main() method, create account instances for both the account types and demonstrate the execution of the methods using Dynamic Method Dispatch concept.

**Input:** `Enter Name, Balance, Date (Day Month Year), Account Type, Deposit Amount, Deposit Date, Withdrawal Amount`

**Output:** `Display account details, deposit confirmation, withdrawal status with balance`

## [Question 2](./StudentAbstractDemo.java)

Illustrate the usage of abstract class with following Java classes:
- An abstract class 'Student' with two data members roll no, reg no, a method getInput() and an abstract method course()
- A subclass 'Kiitian' with course() method implementation

Write the driver class to print all details of a Kiitian object.

**Input:** `Rollno - 2205180, Registration no - 1234567890`

**Output:**
```
Rollno - 2205180
Registration no - 1234567890
Course - B.Tech. (Computer Science & Engg)
```

## [Question 3](./StudentEqualityDemo.java)

Using the equals method, demonstrate via a program how to compare 2 students for equality.

**Input:** `Create Student objects with roll number and name`

**Output:** `Display whether two student objects are equal or not`
